bend arch and control your breathing
it's the world's first international
yoga day
india's prime minister narendra modi is
among thousands of people
performing the ancient discipline at
this event in the capital delhi
yoga has its roots in india and it's
modi who brought about
international yoga day after pressing
the un
for the 21st of june to be recognized
the yoga day spirit has spread to
malaysia around 1 500 people are at this
event
in kuala
yoga lumpur have also been rolling out
their mats in the taiwanese capital
taipei
these participants are performing 108
rounds of the sun
salutation the sequence of yoga poses
often practiced as the sun rises
is